[Back to top] More relevant description (#1046)
carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom-website: src/pages/components/back-to-top.mdx

---
title: Back to top

> description: The Back to top component is a fixed button that allows the user to scroll to the top of a long page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: The Back to top component is a fixed button that allows the user to quickly navigate to the top of a page.
```

Author: I was hoping you would tweak it. :wink: thanks!
